hello everybody its Danny WMV here and
James is very kindly let me ride his
Honda CBR I do believe it is the 2012
model but you bought it recently in 2013
so very similar specs to my all on t5
but uh is it to valve mines for let's do
this
it's not got quite the same presence as
the aprilia shiver when you start it but
uh yeah it's a little go on this
first thing I notice here's my legs fit
absolutely perfectly to this tangle I
mean I'm what six foot two and my legs
just obviously it depends on your leg
length but I'll tell you what they
speaks perfectly for me it's better than
my bike the leg wise but mine hasn't got
quite the same curvature where the legs
go it's just never gonna be a good fit
but uh scoot some beans 5k rows that way
up to 11 K roads it's not a bad bike
it's good I like it
all right that's a problem as you might
have just seen then that the throttle it
really are no one single sending the
bikes and generally one to five the
front ways either on or off at that low
res but he's just takes the piss my bike
at low revs you can kind of go all the
way down it's not quite as on it's not
quite snap to resist look slowly really
let out that slowly let it out and then
it's just gone
the power just goes so that is a little
problem while I have there in this bike
but I mean apart from that I can't think
of anything wrong with this bike I mean
I'm quite tall I'm comfortable in it
I mean it's not got a bad little sound
to it either I do like this bike the
dash is nice of the mind there's more
more information on the - I mean you've
got the engine temperature
you got the mileage obviously you've got
the clock the fuel gauge the speed and
obviously you've got the and you've also
got the rev meter here see if we can get
the front wheel off the ground a tiny
bit
now we're bad and nobody saw it this
bike the front end comes up so easily
compared to mine look at it it's a front
I don't know if you can actually see
that you know the front end coming up
I'll try to look down next time so you
can actually see it's a great little
bike though I mean apart from that
snatchy fraught although I'm doing it
here look that's just a snatch here
sprawl
but apart from that as I read it's fine
it could be a little bit annoying few
toes but I guess that's where the clutch
control comes in doesn't it and the rear
brake so once you're used to I'm sure
it's fine it's just annoying once you've
let the clutch out the front end just
dies like this mostly come up about a
foot high at least I'm going to ask him
[Music]
how I did that last one come up was
about foot would you say it felt like a
no way that was quite I like that was
good
this bike is so good
come on visor bone again
[Music]
I know I can't see me keeping a Weezy up
on this bike I've never kept a wheelie
up on any bike part of my push bike so
that ain't gonna happen
[Music]
great little bike you've got here James
this bikes great I'll believe that I
believe I'm going crazy going crazy bit
Robbie Williams there why wasn't I shut
myself a little bit how big was that
they wasn't
and Stuart just went one on the CG one
to five with Tom on its this box for n
comes up so much
[Music]
it doesn't feel as fast as my bike I
have to say that I mean it pops up
better for the wheelies but certainly
doesn't feel as fast as my bike that
could be to do with the whole to bow the
mines for valve thing I don't know very
nice Dame's very nice in no way shape or
form is there supposed to be a review of
the bike just a little quick video I
mean riding his bike it's good well
thank you for letting me ride it though
James it's very nice
gets better turn off now but I still
love my baby John over there is very
kindly let me have a little spin on his
triumph Street